JavaTM Plug-in HTML Converter

Version 1.3

Binary Code License



SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC., THROUGH JAVASOFT ("SUN") IS WILLING TO 
LICENSE THE JAVATM PLUG-IN HTML CONVERTER AND THE ACCOMPANYING 
DOCUMENTATION INCLUDING AUTHORIZED COPIES OF EACH (THE 
"SOFTWARE") TO LICENSEE ONLY ON THE CONDITION THAT LICENSEE 
ACCEPTS ALL OF THE TERMS IN THIS AGREEMENT.

PLEASE READ THE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE CLICKING ON THE "ACCEPT" 
BUTTON. BY CLICKING ON THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON, LICENSEE 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT LICENSEE HAS READ AND UNDERSTANDS THIS 
AGREEMENT AND AGREES TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

IF LICENSEE DOES NOT ACCEPT THESE LICENSE TERMS, SUN DOES NOT
GRANT ANY LICENSE TO THE SOFTWARE, AND LICENSEE SHOULD CLICK ON 
THE "REJECT" BUTTON TO EXIT THIS PAGE.

1.	LICENSE GRANT

(A)	License To Use

	Licensee is granted a non-exclusive and non-transferable 
no fee license to download, install and internally use the 
binary Software. Licensee may copy the Software, provided that 
Licensee reproduces all copyright and other proprietary notices 
that are on the original copy of the Software.

(B)	License to Distribute

	Licensee is granted a royalty-free right to reproduce and 
distribute the Software provided that Licensee: 
(i) distributes Software complete and unmodified only as part 
of Licensee's value-added applet or application ("Program"), 
and for the sole purpose of allowing customers of Licensee to 
modify HTML pages to access Sun's JavaTM Plug-in technology; 
(ii) does not distribute additional software intended to 
replace any component(s) of the Software; 
(iii) agrees to incorporate the most current version of the 
Software that was available 180 days prior to each production 
release of the Program; 
(iv) does not remove or alter any proprietary legends or 
notices contained in the Software; (v) includes the provisions 
of Sections 1(C), 1(D), 5, 7, 8, 9 in Licensee's license 
agreement for the Program; (vi) agrees to indemnify, hold 
harmless, and defend Sun and its licensors from and against 
any claims or lawsuits, including attorneys' fees, that arise 
or result from the use or distribution of the Program.

(C)	Java Platform Interface

	Licensee may not modify the Java Platform Interface 
("JPI", identified as classes contained within the "java" 
package or any subpackage of the "java" package), by creating 
additional classes within the JPI or otherwise causing the 
addition to or modification of the classes in the JPI. In the 
event that Licensee creates any Java-related API and 
distributes such API to others for applet or application 
development, Licensee must promptly publish broadly, an 
accurate specification for such API for free use by all 
developers of Java-based software.

(D)	License Restrictions

	The Software is licensed to Licensee only under the terms 
of this Agreement, and Sun reserves all rights not expressly 
granted to Licensee. Licensee may not use, copy, modify, or 
transfer the Software, or any copy thereof, except as expressly 
provided for in this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided by 
law for purposes of decompilation of the Software solely for 
interoperability, Licensee may not reverse engineer, 
disassemble, decompile, or translate the Software, or otherwise 
attempt to derive the source code of the Software. Licensee may 
not rent, lease, loan, sell, or distribute the Software, or any 
part of the Software. No right, title, or interest in or to any 
trademarks, service marks, or trade names of Sun or Sun's 
licensors is granted hereunder.

(E)	Aircraft Product and Nuclear Applications Restriction

	SOFTWARE IS NOT DESIGNED OR INTENDED FOR USE IN ON-LINE 
CONTROL OF AIRCRAFT, AIR TRAFFIC, AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION OR 
AIRCRAFT COMMUNICATIONS; OR IN THE DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, 
OPERATION OR MAINTENANCE OF ANY NUCLEAR FACILITY. SUN DISCLAIMS 
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR SUCH USES. 
LICENSEE REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT IT WILL NOT USE THE 
SOFTWARE FOR SUCH PURPOSES.

2.	CONFIDENTIALITY

	The Software is the confidential and proprietary 
information of Sun and/or its licensors. The Software is 
protected by United States copyright law and international 
treaty. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution is subject to 
civil and criminal penalties. Licensee agrees to take adequate 
steps to protect the Software from unauthorized disclosure or 
use.

3.	TRADEMARKS AND LOGOS

	This Agreement does not authorize Licensee to use any Sun 
name, trademark, or logo. Licensee acknowledges that Sun owns 
the Java trademark and all Java-related trademarks, logos and 
icons including the Coffee Cup and Duke ("Java Marks") and 
agrees to: (i) comply with the Java Trademark Guidelines at 
http://java.sun.com/trademarks.html; (ii) not do anything 
harmful to or inconsistent with Sun's rights in the Java Marks; 
and (iii) assist Sun in protecting those rights, including 
assigning to Sun any rights acquired by Licensee in any Java 
Mark.

4.	TERM, TERMINATION AND SURVIVAL

(A)	The Agreement shall automatically terminate 180 days 
after production release of the next version of the Software by 
Sun. 

(B)	Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time by 
destroying all copies of the Software.

(C)	This Agreement will immediately terminate without notice 
if Licensee fails to comply with any obligation of this 
Agreement.

(D)	Upon termination, Licensee must immediately cease use of 
and destroy the Software or, upon request from Sun, return the 
Software to Sun.

(E)	The provisions set forth in paragraphs 1 (D), 2, 5, 7, 8, 
9, and 10 will survive termination or expiration of this 
Agreement.

5.	NO WARRANTY

	THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO LICENSEE "AS IS". ALL EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY 
QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
ARE DISCLAIMED, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH DISCLAIMERS ARE 
HELD TO BE LEGALLY INVALID. 

6.	MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT

	Sun has no obligation to provide maintenance or support 
for the Software under this Agreement.

7.	LIMITATION OF DAMAGES

	TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SUN'S 
AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO LICENSEE OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR 
CLAIMS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER FOR BREACH OR IN 
TORT, WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FEES PAID BY LICENSEE FOR SOFTWARE 
WHICH IS THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THE CLAIMS. IN NO EVENT WILL SUN 
BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS 
AGREEMENT (INCLUDING LOSS OF BUSINESS, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE, 
DATA OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE), HOWEVER IT ARISES, WHETHER 
FOR BREACH OR IN TORT, EVEN IF SUN HAS BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED 
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES WILL 
BE LIMITED AND EXCLUDED, EVEN IF ANY EXCLUSIVE REMEDY PROVIDED 
FOR IN THIS AGREEMENT FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

8.	GOVERNMENT USER

	Rights in Data: If procured by, or provided to, the U.S. 
Government, use, duplication, or disclosure of technical data 
is subject to restrictions as set forth in FAR 52.227-14(g)(2), 
Rights in Data-General (June 1987); and for computer software 
and computer software documentation, FAR 52-227-19, Commercial 
Computer Software-Restricted Rights (June 1987). However, if 
under DOD, use, duplication, or disclosure of technical data is
subject to DFARS 252.227-7015(b), Technical Data-Commercial 
Items (June 1995); and for computer software and computer 
software documentation, as specified in the license under which 
the computer software was procured pursuant to DFARS 227.7202-
3(a). Licensee shall not provide Software nor technical data to 
any third party, including the U.S. Government, unless such 
third party accepts the same restrictions. Licensee is 
responsible for ensuring that proper notice is given to all 
such third parties and that the Software and technical data are 
properly marked.

9.	EXPORT LAW

	Licensee acknowledges and agrees that this Software 
and/or technology is subject to the U.S. Export Administration 
Laws and Regulations. Diversion of such Software and/or 
technology contrary to U.S. law is prohibited. Licensee agrees 
that none of this Software and/or technology, nor any direct 
product therefrom, is being or will be acquired for, shipped, 
transferred, or reexported, directly or indirectly, to 
proscribed or embargoed countries or their nationals, nor be 
used for nuclear activities, chemical biological weapons, or 
missile projects unless authorized by the U.S. Government. 
Proscribed countries are set forth in the U.S. Export 
Administration Regulations. Countries subject to U.S. embargo 
are: Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Syria, and the 
Sudan. This list is subject to change without further notice 
from Sun, and Licensee must comply with the list as it exists 
in fact. Licensee certifies that it is not on the U.S. 
Department of Commerce's Denied Persons List or affiliated 
lists or on the U.S. Department of Treasury's Specially 
Designated Nationals List. Licensee agrees to comply strictly 
with all U.S. export laws and assumes sole responsibility for 
obtaining licenses to export or reexport as may be required.

	Licensee is responsible for complying with any applicable 
local laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the 
export and import laws and regulations of other countries.

10.	GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION AND VENUE

	Any action related to this Agreement shall be governed by 
California law and controlling U.S. federal law, and choice of 
law rules of any jurisdiction shall not apply. The parties 
agree that any action shall be brought in the United States 
District Court for the Northern District of California or the 
California superior Court for the County of Santa Clara, as 
applicable, and the parties hereby submit exclusively to the 
personal jurisdiction and venue of the United States District 
Court for the Northern District of California and the 
California Superior Court of the county of Santa Clara.

11.	NO ASSIGNMENT

	Neither party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its
rights or obligations under this Agreement, without the prior 
written consent of the other party, except that Sun may assign 
its right to payment and may assign this Agreement to an 
affiliated company.

12.	OFFICIAL LANGUAGE

The official text of this Agreement is in the English language 
and any interpretation or construction of this Agreement will 
be based thereon. In the event that this Agreement or any 
documents or notices related to it are translated into any 
other language, the English language version will control.

13.	ENTIRE AGREEMENT

	This Agreement is the parties' entire agreement relating 
to the Software. It supersedes all prior or contemporaneous 
oral or written communications, proposals, warranties, and 
representations with respect to its subject matter, and 
following Licensee's acceptance of this license by clicking on 
the "Accept" Button, will prevail over any conflicting or 
additional terms of any subsequent quote, order, 
acknowledgment, or any other communications by or between the 
parties. No modification to this Agreement will be binding, 
unless in writing and signed by an authorized representative of 
each party.

